SIFT 
1. scale invariant feature transform
2. transforms image data into scale-invariant coordinates
3. meaning of "INVARIANT" features --- The SIFT features are local 
   and based on the appearance of the 
   object at particular interest points, and are invariant to image  
   scale and rotation. They are also robust to changes in illumination, 
   noise, and minor changes in viewpoint
4. extracts distinct invariant features - > 
   correctly matched against a large database of features from many images
5. invariance to image scale and rotation
6. robustness to AFFINE DISTORTIONS,CHANGES IN 3d VIEWPOINTS,ADDITION OF NOISE.
7. advantages : locality(features detected are local) 
		quantity (many features can be generated for even small objects)
		efficiency(close to real time performance)

STEPS TO SIFT:
1.scale space peak selection
find potential locations for finding the features
2. key point localization 
accurately locating the feature key points
3. orientation assignment
assigning orientation to the key points
4. key point desciptors
a detector only tells where the feature is, a desciptor describes the feature.

SCALES
what should be the sigma value for canny or LG edge detection?
if we use multiple sigma values,how do we combine the multiple edge maps?
--"spatial coincidnce assumption"---> the edges that coincide over several scales are considered as signifincant[does not work]

--alternative:
draw multiple smoooth versions of a signal [ apple whole spectrum of scales ]
draw zerocrossing at each multple scales(scale space) [ plot zerocrossings vs scales in a scale space]
draw interval trees[interpret the scale space conturs]
=>contours are arches (open at bottom closed at top)

interval tree:each interval corresponds to a node in a tree,whose parent node represents larger interval from which interval emerged
stability of a node is a scale range over which the interval exist

building a scale space ---
all scales must be examined to identify the scale invariant features
best way to get all the scales= compute the laplacian pyramid(DOG)

note : BLURRING is anothey way of saying we are applying gaussian filter
approximation of LOG by DOG
 